9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong, you're watching the
China Show. I'm Yvon Man with David
Angles.
>> Good morning. We're counting down to the
open markets in greater China. Let's get
to your top stories today. Stocks and
oil edging higher amid the shaky uh
Middle East ceasefire. That's ahead, of
course, of key talks this weekend. A key
market vage suggesting investors may
already be looking past the war, though.
President Trump warning Iran against
charging fees for access to the straight
of Hormuz after earlier expressing
optimism about the deal with Tyrron.
>> Also ahead, China's EV exports surging
to a record as the Iran war's energy
shock fuels interest in electric cars.
>> And Taiwan's opposition leader set to
meet with Chinese President Xi Jinping
today as Beijing pushes for closer
crossstraight ties.
Happy Friday. Take a look. How this risk
rally is underway. It seems like things
are continuing in terms of maybe hope of
some sort of I don't know, is the
ceasefire going to last? What are talks
going to look like in Islamabad this
weekend? But as you mentioned, right, it
seems like markets have moved on and
maybe they're starting to price in.
We're at the end of the light of the
tunnel or light at the end of the
tunnel. Gosh,
>> it's it's it's most visible uh this
Friday and I think we I can't remember
the last any other Friday since the war
started where we are
>> relatively better off in as far as
market sentiment is concerned. So I
think when you look at Asia Pacific, I
think it's a very good example of that,
right? I think it's the very very first
weekly gain barring any unforeseen
breaking negative news of course over
the next what 5 6 hours or so that we
are actually set to uh end the week on a
higher note and not just on a higher
note as you can see the rally is also
gaining quite substantially going into
today and we could actually see one
market I think we're half of 1% away uh
on Taiwan from recouping completely the
losses could be the first gauge that
actually sets a new high uh since the
war began.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So certainly that that means
you know is is risk on is it fully on on
right now given the fact that there's
still a lot of uncertainties about have
the objectives of this war really been
achieved right when you talk about the
straight of hormuz which is still
effectively closed. You're talking about
President Trump uh accusing Iran here
when it comes to those tolls that
they're charging for vessels to go
through. Uh but certainly there's a lot
of questions about the Israelis and
really where they're standing in all
this. the fact that they're open to
maybe talks with Lebanon, that certainly
was a key sort of positive headline
there, too. I think
>> I think President Trump did bring that
up. I think his interview with NBC where
he talked about he did speak with BB
Netanyahu and who was largely on board.
Now, what that means in detail and in
practice is obviously something that we
have to sort of just wait and see what
happens with that. But yeah, I mean, we
had these talks over the weekend.
There's no indication that those talks
are not going to happen, which is a good
thing. U several other things are taking
place on the eco front related to the
war, right? Right. Inflation inflation's
coming out of China that's obviously
going to fuel the PPI print. This bok
rate decision that came out they stood
on hold and I think one of our guests
later on uh Julia Kigari actually thinks
that the market is actually positioned
to hawkish as far as the bok is
concerned. So those are two inflation
stories in the Asia Pacific that we'll
be paying attention to uh over the next
two hours or so apart from I think we
have US inflation also coming out later
today.
>> All coming up today. So it'll be
interesting to see even when it comes to
the China numbers. You mentioned PPI
might actually turn positive for the
first time in god knows what four years
or so. So you know is this going to be
the bad inflation or is it better than
deflation? You know it's it's really
kind of up for debate here. We got
Barclay's Jen Chong saying look even if
we stay at a $100 oil right now CPI
prices might still stay around that 1%
level for China which is still far from
its target of 2%.
>> Yeah. So so they she will be joining us
in about 20 25 minutes from now. I think
just just a quick mention on the
inflation story in China, we have two or
three other sort of related stories to
that. This anti-involution campaign, I
think when you look at platforms, you
look at batteries, battery, energy
storage is is obviously an area of the
equity market to watch. And I think the
reason that's important, not so much
because it's the energy market, but
because now we have space to talk about
other things beyond beyond the war,
which I think is a good thing as far as
markets go.
>> Yeah. Good thing for us, too, as uh
financial journalists, but we'll see,
right? Um, a lot of it is still in some
ways headland driven, but yeah, a lot
has to do with whether we see oil flows
resuming back to pre-war conditions,
which we have not really quite
>> we're very far at this point. Uh, but
let's talk about what what the latest
when it comes to Iran. President Trump
says he is quote very optimistic about
the US ceasefire deal with Iran despite
confusion about what the agreement
actually covers. And the president is
now warning tyrron against charging
tolls on vessels moving through the
straight of Hormuz, signaling the US
opposes a key condition on Iran's
agenda. Let's bring in our politics
editor, Laura Davidson, and Steven
Sapchinsky, who leads our Asia energy
coverage. Laura, I'll start with you.
What's the setup going to be like into
the weekend now ahead of these talks?
>> Um, so JD Vance is heading over. He's
meeting with a contingent of um Iranian
officials. This will be the first time
that they're sitting down uh face tof
face uh US officials and the Iranians
since talks blew up, you know, just
before the attack started 6 weeks ago or
so. So, this is a key pivotal moment,
noteworthy that it's happening on a
Saturday, not during the week when
markets are open. This has been sort of
a strategy we've seen the White House uh
employ time and time again in case
things go sideways. It gives a little
bit of time for things to cool down
before uh there's there's an immediate
uh and potentially harsh market reaction
here. Uh but this is uh you know a a
different talk uh than we even thought
we might have a couple days ago because
with all of this disagreement about the
ceasefire deal just the these topline
elements about what exactly uh means to
open the straight of Hormuz what it
exactly means you know who is covered uh
by uh by the ceasefire will be the first
order of discussions then it will get
into you know what is what does the
longer term picture look like what
happens to nuclear Iran's nuclear
capabilities so there's a lot of stuff
to cover indicating that this is just
likely to be a first round of talks with
a lot more to come. Are a lot more of
the other parties more aligned now going
into these talks beyond the immediate
two of course which is the US and Iran?
>> Um it seems so Israel was kind of the
the the rogue actor for a little bit
here of uh you know particularly with um
you know doing their largest attack on
in Lebanon uh just you know a couple
days ago. Uh you know uh Trump really
made some some quick moves you know
calling up Netanyahu who where he said
he would tamp down you know uh would
would scale back but you know that
wasn't saying he would stop entirely.
He's not agreeing to a to a full-time
ceasefire, but at least the US and
Israel seem more aligned. Um Pakistan
and and Iran also seem to have kind of
different view visions of what this uh
ceasefire looked like too. They seem
more aligned. Uh but there's there's
still kind of the practical matter is
fighting has not stopped, the straight
of horm is not open. So there's kind of
big picture while there's the tensions
have cooled the practicalities still
haven't been sorted. Uh Stephen, I want
to bring you in real quick about, you
know, what are oil traders looking out
for the most ahead of these talks here
right now and and what is the situation
the update here when it comes to the
straight of Hormuz?
>> So I think the traders are looking at
Hormuz, right? So so that they're
looking for any update on what's
happening because Trump has said that
they didn't agree um to to what's
happening at the moment, which is Iran
has been charging or says that they're
going to be charging uh tolls for those
ships that are going through. the ships
really have not resumed traffic through
Hormuz, we've seen about less than 10
essentially go through and most of them
Iran linked. Um so the compared to 135
or more uh before the war began. So
we're at a very small crawl. There is a
kind of a parking lot of vessels, 800
ships kind of waiting to go through.
They've been stuck in the Persian Gulf
for over a month. And so the oil
market's really just waiting for that
vital waterway to open because it still
remains a key conduit for oil and
natural gas flows um about a fifth
before the war began. Now again um what
what is going to happen? What's going to
be the mechanism of going through?
Because if Iran does push to have tolls,
uh this is going to be a big issue.
Maybe there will be some companies or
some ships willing to pay it, but if
you're a major shipping company, you
aren't going to be paying the Iranian
regime money. Your your your compliance
won't allow it. It the banks won't allow
it. It will be a big issue. So, if there
is a toll that is being pushed by
Thrron, that becomes a really big
problem. So, I think the market's going
to focus on the mechanics and what's
agreed to on how ships can go through
Hormuz. At the same time, they just want
to see attacks stop as well. Right.
We've seen attacks on on um
infrastructure, uh the Saudi East West
pipeline, a very key part of getting
Saudi crude out of the Persian Gulf and
into the Red Sea, which is an
alternative route that they can send um
to customers in Asia. Uh there's still
been ongoing kind of tit fortat um
attacks here and there. So hopefully, I
think the market is is really just
waiting to to see clarity on that and
how that can end and how there can be
agreement between the US and Iran to
make sure that that doesn't continue.
>> Yeah. And and Laura, maybe you can chime
in. I mean, it seems like it's hard to
see what could allow Iran to loosen its
grip. I mean, this is such a strategic
lever that they have with the Straight
of Hormuz here right now. That would
mean serious concessions the US has to
give up. What do you think President
Trump will be willing to give up here?
in replace for that.
>> Right now, he doesn't seem willing to
give up anything. He's suggesting that
the the 10-point plan that Iran has
talked about is that he has a different
private version that he has not shared
publicly, but that that's the basis for
negotiations. Uh but it's interesting
because in Trump's mind right now, the
way he's talking, uh this war is over,
that this he has moved past this, but it
is not at all clear that uh that that is
the case. Um you know, Iran has this uh
you know, literal trump card here where
they uh they control the straight of
Hormuz. Trump is not happy about that.
He's thrown out a bunch of different
ideas and that's the kind of strategy
you see from Trump when he feels boxed
in a corner. He said that the US and
Iran might be able to control it
jointly. That seems a little bit
far-fetched. Um, you know, he he
suggested that Iran should just, you
know, uh, unilaterally give it up and
just let free flow traffic happen. He's
called on allies to to help. Um,
there's, again, we're sort of seeing a
scenario of a couple weeks ago where he
was getting really desperate to get
allies to come help. He's a little bit
better that allies are now suggesting
they might uh you know they might come
uh to the to the rescue here. But this
is uh you know he still does not have
any more leverage than he had a couple
weeks ago.
>> Stephen, can I bring you back in on the
other thing that markets are trying to
juggle uh juggle with is just the the
amount of how much uh capacity has
actually gone offline. I wonder if you
give give us an update there. We we
heard from the Saudis and as far as they
gave us a number in as far as how much
capacity in in their specific uh part of
the world has has gone down. What what's
the update there?
>> Yeah. So uh Saudi Arabia said that their
production is down about 600,000 barrels
a day according to local media. Now
that's equates to about uh you know
almost almost 10%. Um you were also
hearing that after there was the attack
on the East West pipeline that's reduced
by 700,000 uh barrels a day that can
produce at maximum about 7 um or it can
transport at maximum 7 uh million
barrels a day. So uh it's it's a it's a
sizable amount but when you look at the
other infrastructure across the region
it's not just oil. Um Qatar's massive
liqufied natural gas export facility is
offline. last year that supplied almost
20% of global LG to the world. Um, ADNO
as well has had to reduce output at
their massive LG export plant. So there
is still a lot of infrastructure that
needs to be ramped back up and and the
fear and the risk is every day that um
there isn't a concrete deal and that
there are still these attacks, there is
still risk that there's infrastructure
that can be hit. um as there are more
ships that get backed up in the Persian
Gulf, you are unable to export it. So
there's more risk that some of these
facilities have to ramp down production
and in a worst case scenario actually
cut production all together at gas
fields or refineries or or oil fields.
Restarting uh this infrastructure is not
easy. So that's something that these
Middle Eastern producers do not want to
do. But if they have no alternative
option, they have to. And that's again
what the market is closely monitoring.
>> Laura, maybe I end with you. Where
Israel stands right now, it it does it
doesn't seem like they're going to get a
seat at the table this weekend for these
talks. Do we get any indication whether
there's more military escalation or are
they looking to maybe some restraint
moving forward?
>> For now, they're signaling restraint.
There's, you know, potential uh talks
between um Israel and Lebanon that are
going to be uh you know, coming here in
the next uh you know, couple days or
weeks. So there's at least for now a
feeling of of calm there. Uh but you
know this is a a longunning uh feud.
This has been we've seen ceasefires here
broken um in the past. You know even the
this most recent flare up is uh you know
a lapse of a 2024 agreement. So this is
very tenuous and and and I think
shortterm at least for now.
>> Okay Laura. Thank you. Our politics
under Laura Davidson and of course our
thanks to Stephen Sapchinsky who leads
our Asia energy coverage. Also watching
of course those those three tankers uh
from China in the region too Dave but
yesterday we mentioned about how uh
there was indications that they went
through to to through the state of
Hormuz but we're not sure how successful
those sort of uh uh voyages were. M yeah
they I think it was around 20 about 22
hours ago we were tracking this specific
story because I think we were just
talking about that with Stephen right to
what would what would constitute for
markets
uh something that would indicate that a
straight is open whether or not they
they paid fees or or or what have you.
Uh so these three vessels actually one
we understand was carrying Iraqi oil and
you have these three of course that's
the straight of formoose by the way you
have the UAE here and of course the
other indication would be whether or not
we see a non-Chinese UAE vessel for
example also cross would be another good
indication that so so far what they've
done is they've come up all the way up
until the straight but they have not uh
transverted through as well in as far as
the three goes. Okay. So, in fact, let's
just I think we have another uh version
of this which actually shows you the
map. So, we have the three. This is the
UAE and there they are. There's the
straight and they are still as you can
see where they were effectively this
time yesterday. And this is data by the
way that as of the last hour, hour and a
half. So, it's fairly fairly updated and
of course suffice to say we'll be
keeping a very close eye on these three
ships of three vessels. Costco I think
is one of the the vessels that that
operates one of these funds too.
>> Yeah. Um, we'll continue to track it.
Yeah,
>> it seems like we got to track it for
that
>> if we see any movement.
>> Uh, a great tool to have really as we
kind of gauge where we are uh in the
straight of horos here right now. Still
ahead, we're going to talk a little bit
more about the whole AI story.
Obviously, uh, optical stocks, that's
the big sort of darling in this market.
The CEO of Lum, an American manufacturer
of optical and photonic products, will
be with us to discuss the company's
investment strategy in Japan and a
strategic partnership with Nvidia. In a
few moments, we'll break China's March
inflation numbers and get analysis from
Barclays's chief China economist, Jen
Chang. We're counting down the open of
trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong
Kong. Could be a good happy Friday here
as we wrap up what has been a pretty
volatile week here. But yes, Asian
stocks for this first weekly gain since
this war began. This is the China Show.
Right, as we go into the Friday session,
13 minutes away, uh, the opening bell,
about 2 minutes from the pre-markets in
Hong Kong, it's looking like we will be
joining this rally across the region,
underperforming. Just looking at futures
compared to cash markets that are
already uh up and running. Inflation is
going to be very key. That also comes
out about the open today. Yeah, you have
that paired with the US inflation
numbers and certainly prices of the pump
is going to maybe stoke some of these uh
hot prices there. So certainly that's
one thing to watch and content with. Uh
in terms of your agenda here today,
we're watching of course the tech space
given we did see a bit of a dip uh
yesterday in HStech. We're down some 2%.
Uh PPI CPI prices are coming out in just
about 12 minutes or so. We do have a CGB
sale here today. Uh the yen has been on
a win streak, so certainly watching
that. The onshore rem has been on a
4-day run already and we're watching
this lead uh opposition leader from
Taiwan uh her visit in Beijing with Xi
Jinping and of course we're still
waiting for some credit data out of
China too.
>> Yeah, we are in the window for the data
and as far as I think sectors are
concerned but looking at energy storage
uh platform companies and also EVs uh on
the back of different stories that have
come out over the last 12 to 18 hours uh
or so. Okay. Uh let's have a look in
fact at EVs right. But China's exports
of EVs and this also goes into the war
story here have and hybrids just to add
that too have more than doubled in in
March to a record as this global energy
shock has sparked renewed interest in
EVs. Let's bring in Minman Lo, our China
correspondent to give us a snapshot of
how EV sales are looking amidst
everything that's going on. Yeah,
perhaps not very politically correct to
say this, but the Iran war has been one
of the things that have been helping the
EV sector very much because without that
war, I think many of these EV makers
would be in pretty bad shape. You look
at the total EV and hybrid sales in
China in March. We are seeing the third
consecutive month of decline and the
first quarterly decline since 2020 and
the only bright spot has been the export
numbers which grew by close to one and a
half times. You look at for example data
from the UK for example they were seeing
record sales when it comes to EVs. You
just walk into one of these uh dealers
in Southeast Asia. There has been very
bustling activity. Dealers are telling
us that they're hiring more workers
because people are now so conscious of
of oil prices. They're looking at buying
more fuel efficient vehicles. But you
look at domestically though the slum is
continuing to deepen. Um whether you're
talking about Tesla or BYD or even the
luxury car makers like Mercedes, they're
all seeing double digit declines in
their China sales.
>> Uh airlines though are suffering. Uh and
we're hearing that the government is
maybe considering some subsidies for the
sector. What do we know?
>> That's right. So Chinese airlines are
particularly badly hit and this is
something unique to China because
Chinese airlines tend not to hedge
against oil prices. They tend to be very
riskaverse partly because in 2008 when
the oil prices collapsed they were
really badly burnt and Chinese
regulators have very strict caps on how
much they can hedge against oil prices.
So traders have been dumping Chinese
airlines shares since the start of the
war. They are among the top 10 airlines
that are seeing the biggest hit in terms
of share prices. Uh and Chinese
consumers are also very price sensitive.
So if they pass on the fuel search
charge because China has very robust
infrastructure, you can easily just go
take a high-speed rail for example. So
um they're they they also have very bad
financial standings since co 19. They
were making huge losses then and if you
look at the annual profits over the past
few years while the losses have been
narrowing last year uh China Southern
was the only airline among the big three
that managed to ek out a profit. And
that's why the government is looking at
potentially according to sources coming
up with these rescue packages to help
the airlines whether it's in a form of
low interest loans or subsidies for the
sector.
>> All right m thank you mim low there our
China correspondent uh meanwhile as as
mimman mentioned about what been seeing
on on the corporate side and when it
yeah the automakers particularly
Mercedes-Benz has reported a decline in
sales as a deepening slump in China
weighs on performance. Global deliveries
dropped 6% to just under 500,000
vehicles. Sales in China plunged 27% as
once dominant Western brands lose ground
to new domestic challengers. Okay. Um as
we go into the thick of Friday, markets
are certainly positioned with a lot more
risk on their plates. Uh risk assets on
their plates rather just to make that
clearer. Uh and we're looking
specifically at Taiwan and as you can
see we're extremely close now from
setting new highs on this would be the
first one of the major benchmarks out
there to completely reverse all the
losses since the war. So among the this
growing list of proxies market proxies
that indicate maybe markets are starting
to focus uh on other things. Hanging
index coming up on your screen CGB sale
today and we are set to open higher.
There we go. half of 1% 26,000 just
about 110 points short of that level.
Lots more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
All right, we got CPI PBI prices coming
up in just about five minutes out of
China. These are the March numbers. So,
we'll see, you know, where the Iran
dynamics play in. And PPI prices is
where you're possibly going to see it
cuz take a look at that estimates for
0.4%. I know it's minuscule, but it's
the first positive print we'll see from
sometime.
>> Yeah, there's no negative print there.
In fact, I'm just looking at the range
of forecasts with the exception of two.
Every single forecast is actually on the
positive side of things. Uh, but yeah,
so we'll see. 1.3% is the high end of
forecasts. negative 1.1 is actually the
uh the negative side. But yes, this will
break in about uh just under 5 minutes
from now. We'll bring that to you. And
of course, Bart Lace will be joining us
to help us unpack what this really
means. Is it simply just mostly supply
or is there a demand component to this?
>> Yeah, and take a look at what the
breakdown and what really contributes to
these prices. I think oil was certainly
going to the key thing. Coal prices as
well have surged. So, that certainly is
what could be the determining factor
here. Um you take a look at the
pre-market, it looks like it's all signs
pointing to green today across the
board. HST is recovering there after
that 2% drop yesterday. We're up about
half of 1%. Hangen is also up closer to
that 26,000 level here. And Dollar China
at 683. Still keeping pretty strong
there that currency. Some stocks to
watch. We talk about EV sector as Mim
just mentioned there. Those Chinese
exports have certainly been uh when it
comes to these EV makers has been a
strong spot uh for that jumping to a
record uh last month there. So you see
the likes of BYD is is slightly up
though. NEO is heading the opposite
direction. We're seeing a se 7% drop
there and we're watching uh some of the
tech plays as well. Uh there was this
kind of statement talking about internet
platform super vicious price wars uh
there. So certainly one to watch energy
power storage as well. We have the open
coming up next. This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. Good morning from the Asia
Pacific. Happy Friday. Uh we are
counting down to the open of cash
markets in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and here
in Hong Kong. We're also waiting for the
inflation print to come through for the
month of March. And we are expecting
both PPI and CPI to give us a positive
print. I think last time we've seen that
was what nearly four years ago.
>> September 2022, Dave, uh was the last
time PPI prices were in positive
territory. So this war shock certainly
could be a beneficial thing when it
comes to where PPI prices are concerned.
Uh we'll see, right? Because it's really
has been the surging energy costs uh
from this Iran war that has really uh
contributed to that. So we'll see how
this all plays out. But in the meantime,
markets are looking like this here. It
seems like it's going to be positive
tones into the weekend as we countd down
to of course those talks in Islamabad
between the US and Iran. Uh and we are
seeing a little bit more hope in terms
of the diplomatic front whether is Iran
willing to speak with Lebanon for
example, Israel I should say. Uh and
also it looks like the straight of
Hormuz though that's still the the key
hot spot there and really whether we see
any sort of relief not quite yet. But
then again take a look at Shanghai
crude. We're still slightly up uh here
this morning. Stocks though are catching
a bid. You're seeing the CSI 300 up
about 710 of 1% as we talked about,
right? Markets seem to be moving on away
slightly from the Iran situation and
focusing on themes. When you focus
things on like AI, energy, uh tech, and
the like, that certainly is where we're
seeing maybe more bright spots today.
Capricorn tech is up some 1% and there
you go. We have our inflation print uh
coming through. PPI prices 0.5%
to the upside here. So that is beating
the median estimates there. And we are
seeing the first time in over 3 years a
positive print in the factory gate
prices. So climbing out of deflation.
CPI prices are up 1% here. That's a
slight miss, but still in positive
territory, Dave.
>> Yep. Uh the very first time in several
years. So 0.5%
uh on the PPI. It was a little bit lower
on the CPI print at about 1%. But let's
call it let's largely in line with uh
with estimates. it. Now, it's going to
be very granular at this point in time
because we've seen rate swaps start to
price in some some form of inflation.
Whether or not that's demand driven or
is that mostly a supply shock and to
what extent if oil prices remain let's
call it at a 100 bucks on in the global
markets. Uh to what extent uh is that
going to show up in Chinese inflation,
right? Is it going to be on the producer
side of things and what does it mean for
this energy transition as well uh moving
forward because I think this EV story of
course is giving us something to talk
about along those lines. Let's get
instant reaction right now and maybe
what this means more longer term.
Joining us here on set, Jen Chong, chief
China economist at Barclay's uh
Asia-Pacific. Uh you heard us talk about
the numbers. What do you think?
>> Yeah, thanks for having me first of all
and I think the numbers are largely in
line with market expectation. We have a
1% forecast for CPI and 4% for PPI. So
slight miss certainly the markets has
been watching very closely for this
March inflation prints on the back of
this oil shock. Um I think overall and
it's kind of echoes the general
impression that even though the overall
impact of China's activities could be
manageable but we still see some visible
impact on China's inflation particularly
PPI and with PPI turning I think
positive for the first time in how many
41 months.
>> Yeah. So, so there has been this
reflation narratives been flowing on the
market since the beginning of the year
on the back of this anti-involution push
and now with energy shock, I think
that's adding a bit of a momentum to
this reflation.
>> Yeah, the media headlines would say this
could be bad inflation, this important
inflation. Given the fact that you
already have a backdrop of weaker
consumption, this could take a hit on
industrial profits, for example.
>> Do you see it as as bad inflation or is
it better than deflation? I agree. I
think bad inflation is better than
deflation or no inflation. And but
certainly from an economist perspective,
this is a cost push inflation rather
than what we would like to see a demand
pull inflation which would put the
economy back on a more virtuous cycle
with improving profitability and
improving nominal GDP growth. And that's
also what markets really would like to
see. But so far and we do see from the
PPI you know rebound and also from I
think the PMI number yeah shows a
widening gap between the output price
and the input price to the highest level
in four years and that suggests that
could be uh the downstream sectors would
be facing you know increasing uh
pressure
>> uh downstream sectors profitability
would be under increasing pressure.
Yeah, it's so it shows up in the PPI and
it margins eventually get hit. The the
other question that's related to this is
if what scenarios have you gamed out if
oil prices remain let's call it a h
100red bucks
>> how does that show up in the future in
China and China certainly reduced its
dependency on it is the biggest oil
importer on absolute terms but compared
to 10 years back it certainly reduced
that uh dependency.
>> Yes absolutely. So uh our view since the
beginning of this Middle East conflicts
Iran war has been you know certainly
it's prolonged war will have material
impact on China but relative to other
emerging Asian economies in particular
China is less vulnerable.
uh we do have uh you know a $100 oil uh
for you know the rest of the year or
longer would put the PPI back to um
positive uh you know one plus percent
given the ballpark estimates of a 10%
increase of oil price would uh add to uh
up to point4
>> uh you know percentage point to uh times
to the PPI inflation.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh so for CPI inflation, we expect a
more modest uh manageable impact uh even
with $100 oil and we think the CPI could
still uh be around the 1%. So that's
well below the government target of 2%.
So in theory that would be less of a
constraint for any potential needs for
monetary easing in the case of China
relative to many other countries. But
certainly and that uh you know better
economic data year to date and this
rising picking up momentum in prices may
delay the easing.
>> Yeah. I mean some of your peers have
already priced out the possibility of of
cuts monetary cuts uh this year. H how
are you viewing it?
>> Yeah. So we still have a 50 basis points
triple R cuts. I think that's probably
in consensus. Uh the way we look at
monetary easing I mean throughout the
past year we have only 10 basis points.
a very modest PBOC easing priced in for
this year. I think that's more plays and
serves as a symbolic and um you know
could be used as a tool in case of say
um big sell off in the US equity market
which certainly will have negative
spillover to Chinese markets and
sentiments and some you know um tail you
know big tail risk unexpected situation
on the geop geopolitical front China's
US relation so it's more as a tool in
times of needs
>> and rather than really being actively
pursued the monetary easing unlike in
some other
>> countries. Yeah. Because the government
after all set a you know a range target
for growth for growth this year right
4.5 to 5%.
>> And by looking at back in 2019 when
government last set such a a range
target the actual number actually fall
at the lower end of the range.
>> So where is growth going to come from
then? Is it Is it is it 2025 story which
is exports?
>> Exports.
>> Yes, I think
>> okay
>> exports will remain a critical driver to
GDP growth this year. Last year it added
more than a third of the GDP growth and
this year we expect similar to happen
and in particular and we see I mean we
just published a piece about you know
the China's green transition gains and
opportunities where we've been
highlighting that there has been already
a rising and demand from China's green
tech um products and uh technologies
from Asia but also Europe. Europe and
increasingly Middle East and Latin
America. I see.
>> And on the back of this Middle East
conflicts and in throughout March, we've
seen surging orders on wind turbine,
solar panel, um battery, you know,
storage solution systems and etc. uh
also around the world. Yeah. From
Europe,
>> Tesla talking about order of 2.9 billion
to upgrade US solar system and also in
Chile and UK also reduce the tariff, you
know, on China's wind kind of
equipments.
>> How about coal? I mean, that seems to be
what contributed a lot to the PPI prices
or um this time around too. Should I
expect coal to to still be, you know,
the use of coal strengthened in China?
just given we need near-term stability.
Yeah. uh kind of um spend a lot of time
on this coal and I think coal will
retain its anchor role in China's energy
system and also in China's power system
because not only coal still accounts for
more than 50% in China's overall energy
consumption and also in China's overall
power generation but coal also plays an
important role for this uh uh great
secure a great stability. and also plays
an important role to supplement
renewables which was often been very
unstable the wind or solar and it al you
know shifts during the throughout the
day. So coal actually plays an important
anchor role.
>> Are they fully
>> for stability for energy security power
great stability and also yeah for
renewable stability
>> and they're fully independent as far as
coal is concerned right or do they need
some of the coal to come from outside?
Oh, China is fully self-sufficient in
coal and you still import coals, you
know, from Australia for higher quality
uh imports and sometimes just because of
the price arbitrage.
>> All right, Jen Chong, it's great to have
you. Jen Chong there, chief China
economist at Barclay's Asia-Pacific. I
just want to bring you the latest when
it comes to the BOK. Of course, they
held rates this time around, but they
are talking a little bit more about the
Iran dynamics as well. And what they did
when it comes to their inflation
forecast, upsize risk in CPI, downsize
risks in growth increase they say here.
So their 2026 GDP growth is now lower
than your February estimate of 2%. CPI
prices, they also have upgraded here. So
2026 CPI to be higher than the February
projection of 2.2%. core CPI now that
projection is also higher than their
current the last one here of 2.1%. So
they are seeing potentially here the hit
to growth and of course still upside
risk to inflation Dave.
>> Yeah that smells somewhat like
stagflation. Anyway, we'll hear from the
the BOK governor in about 40 minutes
when the press briefing begins. Lots
more ahead. Best is Bloomberg.
>> All right. Against all these headline
risk and all that, we we have certainly
have look have to look for bright spots
in this market. I think when it comes to
this whole AI trade and the like uh
there has been some eye watering sort of
moves in rally when it comes to optical
stocks this year.
>> Yeah. You know the the so we know the
NASDAQ has done well but if you put that
on a chart alongside and I think the
headline actually in the Bloomberg
summarizes this fantastically. The
market's latest shiny objects almost
makes it seem like the NASDAQ has got
absolutely nowhere which is the line in
blue. Um but I I guess to what extent
will there be lasting power at this
point? Is this do you price in revenues
and earnings well beyond a few years
given this rally? Uh but yes, it is
certainly something that we need to talk
about as the market tries and grapple
this picks and shovels and where we
actually have to deploy those pixels.
>> Yeah, if you're if you're bored of us
talking about picks and shovels and AI
chips, let's talk a little bit more
about optical. Let's bring in our Asia
trade co-anchor Sheran. She joins us
from Tokyo with our next guest who heads
an American manufacturer of those
optical products. Sher.
>> Yeah, thank you guys. We're talking
about momentum and really this stock has
risen more than 1500% in the past year
as you just showed in that chart. Of
course, uh there are huge suppliers in
this sector and they've just received
that $2 billion investment from Nvidia
as well. CEO is joining me now here in
the Tokyo studio. Michael Hursten, it's
really great to have you here uh with
us. I mean, business seems incredible
right now. Can you keep up with demand
at this point?
>> Sherry, first of all, thanks for having
me. It's just super to see you and and
chat. Um, no, we can't keep up with
demand. I think we've said over and over
again that we're basically sold out of
our products through 2027, even as we
add capacity. We're adding a ton of
capacity here in Japan. Uh we just
bought an additional waiver wafer fab in
the United States and we still can't
keep up.
>> Are you planning to add more capacity
across Asia here in Japan or in the US?
>> We're adding capacity here. Here is our
primary site in Sagamara and Japan and
we've done a phenomenal job keeping up
with output. But even as we add output
here, we are falling further and further
demand behind the demand that the
hyperscalers are putting on us.
>> At the same time, you've uh gotten that
Corvville facility in North Carolina,
right?
>> That's right.
>> Are you targeting more existing plants
that can be refitted faster than
Greenfields for example? Is there a
strategy in doing that?
>> Yeah, that's a great question. Um, we
are targeting more brownfield. We still
have to refit that fab. It'll take us
about two years. So, we just acquired it
uh about a month ago, and to really
bring it up and get it online, we're
we're talking about 2028. So, it's about
a two-year cycle. If we had to put
spades in the ground, it's more like
four. So, we cut our time to deliver in
half by acquiring a fab that's being
used for something else that now is
maybe not serving the data center and AI
and gives us an opportunity to move in
and move in more quickly than we could
otherwise. So, how do you differentiate
the benefits of building more across
Asia versus the US for example,
especially when it comes to supply chain
systems and risks?
>> We are trying to build up a very
resilient supply chain. So, we've been
super happy with what we've been able to
do here in Japan. As you and I were
talking a second ago, we've got a big
factory in Thailand, which is helpful.
And then we've got two wafer fabs in the
United States. We've got one in Europe.
By having a pretty diverse footprint, we
can skate around tariff issues. We can
skate around some of the geopolitics
relative to trade. So, it's been really
good for us to be able to bring on uh
capacity almost across the entire globe.
>> Japan and China have their own issues
and rare earth imports have been a
problem. Does that affect you?
>> It does a bit. Uh it's a little bit of a
problem. Fortunately for us, our biggest
supplier into our Sagamahara facility
here in Japan is a Japanese supplier and
Japan in this area in opto electronics
is one of the best countries in the
world. They've had a long history in
opto electronics and that's really
working to our advantage and we're able
in this particular instances to get one
of the suppliers here in Japan to work
with our fab in Japan and that's given
us advantage but yes there are still
some difficulties because our capacity
and demand is growing so much
>> we need alternate sources of supply and
if those are coming from China it puts
some pressure on us
>> especially given the tariff restrictions
you do have manufacturing in China do
you sell in China.
>> We don't uh for the most part we do have
a little bit of a presence in China, but
one of the challenges we see here in the
AI industry is Chinese suppliers are
very able to sell in the United States.
In fact, the doors from the US
hyperscalers are pretty open to Chinese
suppliers, but the doors from the
Chinese hyperscalers are not nearly as
open to US suppliers. We've not done as
well. Our US competitors haven't done as
well in China. So, it's an interesting
two double-edged sword a little to a
certain extent.
>> You're selling very well to Nvidia, the
multi-year purchase commitment. How does
that partnership work?
>> So, Nvidia has been very helpful. What
they're trying to do is move a lot more
into the optical domain. They've
obviously been an incredible supplier in
this whole AI ecosystem and the
connectivity for the most part that
they're using is copper, an Ethernet
backplane that they built into their
server. But they see these speeds and
bandwidths increasing and as a result
they know that they need to move toward
fiber optics and so what that's
necessitated is this partnership with
them and they're able to get a lot of
our capacity that's coming out of our US
fabs in this particular case
>> and we also have a development agreement
with them that spans across multiple
products that we think is going to be
super beneficial. But to your point,
they're moving towards optical, right?
When will that happen? Because we just
heard from Jensen Huang as well that
they're still sticking to copper.
>> Yeah, I think they're going to use both.
I I what we've seen from them is
something that we call co-ackaged
optics. And what that means is they're
bringing an optical engine close to
their switch. They've been very very
successful in their switching engine and
they're using optics to differentiate
that switching engine. Uh what we think
will happen is in their back plane in
some of their connectivity, they'll
they're starting to look more and more
at copper. Jensen talked about that at
GTC just a couple of weeks ago. And I
think you're going to have a hybrid
environment. It doesn't mean copper goes
away by any stretch of the imagination.
I still think we're going to see quite a
bit of copper, but it gives optics a new
opportunity and a new segment that we
can go after.
>> Do you have a timeline for that demand
to come through? We think we're going to
start seeing that at the in the middle
to second half of 2027. So less a little
more than a year away, we're going to
start to see optics come inside uh data
centers replacing a bit of the copper
ecosystem.
>> How big of a risk is the Middle East
conflict if it drags on and hyperscalers
start to trim capex?
>> One one of the interesting things about
our business for us is that we have
growth drivers that sort of go outside
of just AI. If AI is flat and there's no
data centers being built, you still have
this transition from copper to optics,
which we think is a big tailwind, we
have a product that we're really excited
about, an optical circuit switch, was a
very unique product. You keep everything
in the optical domain. So yes, it does
put tension that obviously we've seen
impact on our stock as things have moved
around with the conflict with Iran, but
we actually think we have a business
that'll be resilient over and above
what's happening with uh with Iran.
>> Michael Harston, good to have you in our
Tokyo studio. He's the CEO of Momentum
Guy. Sending it back to you,
>> right, Sherry, thank you so much. Um
even if you send it back to us, I'm
sending it back really to you in terms
of this story, but but yeah, you can you
can chill, Sherry. So this concerns
Japan and we are hearing from the
finance minister uh in as far as well
the biggest concern is widening fiscal
deficits um other things as it pertains
to the Japanese yen which by the way as
you can see right uh was on the up and
the dollar strength um there's one very
specific but very odd headline that's
coming I'm not sure if I should read
this out but um yeah so they have they
will refrain from commenting on when or
how on the next steps. I imagine they're
talking the Japanese currency. So,
they're basically saying no comment. So,
that's just why I kind of mentioned it.
It was very strange for me to even
comment on that when they say they had
no comment. But, I think that's part of
the part of the story. And, you know,
this is really something that we need to
talk about as the markets try and
grapple. Is there intervention risk out
there given the absolute levels in the
Japanese currency?
>> Yeah. And and again is actually
strengthening on the back of some of
these comments, right? So she mentioned
long mentioned possible bull actions on
FX hearing of increasingly speculative
moves in the FX markets there. Uh we're
showing the China X because take a look
at the one year that we've seen. Uh we
are seeing already I think 2% gains
today but yes we're up about close to
80% so far when it comes to Shenzhen. So
a new 52- week high for the China X.
This is Bloomberg.
Another check of markets here. It is a
rally that's underway in greater China
today. You're seeing Hangen up some 1%.
HS Tech is driving that here this
morning and Shanghai Composite as well.
The CSI 300 is really led by the
industrials here this morning that's
leading the benchmark higher. You got
seven out of the 10 sectors that are
rising here. So certainly that's one
thing to watch. The ship shipping stocks
are certainly the key beneficiary here
today. Dave.
>> Yeah. Although volumes are on the
lighter side, 24%
lighter than this time of the day. 24
minutes into the session. So, we'll see
what this looks like going into the
thick of the session. Uh, the inflation
numbers were fairly decent. We'll talk
more about that. We'll take a short
break. We'll be back. This is M.
Welcome back to the China Show. Oh, look
at the HSI half hour into the session.
Looks like they are joining in on this
relief rally that's underway. We of
course we're still kind of down to those
talks uh in Pakistan this weekend
between the US and Iran. But it seems
like we're leading to that with a bit of
positive and optimism here today. But
yes, it seems like markets are moving on
to other things too.
>> Yeah. Which which which is a good thing,
right? So I had a look at just a bit of
inside baseball. I had to look at a
rundown today and I think that's a
really good gauge of
market mindset, right? there is a bit
more beyond the war. Things like EVs and
all these things that we talk about
here, which I guess is a just a long-
winded way of saying stocks in the Asia
Pacific finally are really in a good
position on a Friday. First time in six
or seven weeks we are set for a weekly
gain across the Asia Pacific. Uh let's
have a look at where we are. Dollar on
oil. Um Aussie yen is is back. In fact,
that's coming up on your screens very
very shortly. There we go. At 112, which
is a good appetite, uh good gauge for
risk appetite. The Bank of Korea about
an hour back held rates about 30 minutes
back came out with their latest
forecast. Higher inflation, lower
growth. Is that does that equate to
stagflation? Does that limit their
ability to to hike interest rates um
into into the foreseeable future? We'll
hear from the Bank of Korea governor in
about 20 minutes or so when that
briefing starts. Uh speaking of some of
the signals that the market's moving
past the acute pain point of the war,
VIX futures are back to levels before
the war started. Taiwan is getting very
close to setting new highs. It's coming
up on your screen. So, we're about 0.2%
away from that level. And of course, the
other thing too is when you look at the
credit markets, high yield, we're back
to record highs on the Bloomberg high
yield index. This is US, of course.
There we go. So, among the increasing
this lengthening list of assets that are
starting to completely retrace their
steps.
>> Yeah. So, I think there there might be
some good vibes heading into those
talks. That certainly is one thing.
There was some indication. Israel was
also keen on on talks with Lebanon. So I
think uh there is some signs of
restraint coming through from the Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. So I think
all signs point to maybe some hopefully
we'll get at least these talks
undergoing here when JD Vance uh does
head there. So certainly that's one
thing to look at. And then the inflation
numbers out of China where you're
starting to see right we're exiting out
of deflation when it comes to PPI prices
for the first time in more than 3 years.
That is you know it's bad inflation but
it's better than deflation as as what
Jen Chong has said. It's kind of like
cholesterol, right? Like bading good
cholesterol. No, but it's the opposite
of that. Like having cholesterol is
actually a bad thing. Sorry, I I
digress. Um, but it is a good thing. It
actually could show up in the form of I
think negatively in the form of margins
is what Jen Chang had had to say that
September 2022 I think was the last
time. There we go. Was it or was it
March 2022?
>> I mean I I mean how many Yeah, September
2022 where we you know began this
deflationary spiral, right? um the fact
that we've come out of it, it certainly
has been a long time coming. So um that
you know whether it's sustainable or not
when you take a look what oil prices are
doing and if we stay at $100 oil,
>> you know the inflation pass through to
CPI even for economists like Jen Chan
say it's not going to be too substantial
for China, right? 1% is still what her
projections are for this year. Um and
you know it's far short from the 2%
target for China. So certainly when it
comes to China, there is the less
vulnerable sort of story when it comes
to the energy space and the like here.
So certainly that that's one thing to
watch. Uh and then of course there's a
lot of plenty of more talk about when it
comes to the tech space as well.
>> Yeah. Optical
>> optical stocks
>> optical stocks was look at this right
>> look at Jupu Jupu yesterday
>> was isn't it what was the statistic we
talked about yesterday uh our markets
producer Anthony
>> Anthony Stevens talked about it how it's
now bigger than most
>> property most Chinese property stocks
>> combined combined
>> combined right uh and speaking of
inflation we had the BOK we talked about
that and US inflation there we go I was
racking my head what I was getting US
inflation's also coming out later later
today okay let's put all of that
together for you and get some context
across these markets. Joining us here on
set, our macro strategist, David Savage,
joins us right now as we look at equity
markets in the Asia Pacific. They're
trading higher earlier today. How likely
is this rally to endure uh given just
how fragile this ceasefire seems to be,
David?
>> Yeah, I mean I I it's obviously been a
very good week as you said for risk
assets and you know, we've seen today
South Korea's Cosby index which really
become a barometer for for risk
sentiment in the region is is is leading
the gains again today. You know, I I
think starting this week, a lot has been
the heavy lifting has been positioning,
right? That's been unwound just how
bearish markets were coming into that
prior to the ceasefire. I think for this
rally to become durable, I think we're
going to need to start to see some more
tangible actions that the straight of
Hormuz is going to be open and and get
some clarity in terms of what that looks
like going forward. So, um I think again
that that's what markets are going to
start to look through, but but right now
risk sentiments obviously turned um and
and you know in many ways that makes
sense.
>> We talk about the tech sector in Asia
has really led the rally this week,
right? Do you think that we're we're
really finally getting back to the
fundamentals here and do you think tech
can actually drive this index higher?
>> Yeah, I mean I I think a lot of
investors are looking at SKH Highix.
They're looking at Samsung electronics.
We saw you know how strong their
earnings were. you know, earnings
growth, you know, still accelerating. I
think a lot of investors are looking at
those stocks and saying, you know, the
fundamentals are still strong here. You
know, this these are really good
companies. Um, you know, this the
problem is, I think, is is the same
problem the rest of of, you know, the
the risk assets in the region have,
which is the macro backdrop has changed
postconlict. And so, you know, we've
seen it. Yes, you know, oil prices have
come off, but, you know, Brent is still
trading well above $90 a barrel. um you
know that's going to feed into um you
know input prices that's going to feed
into cost structures. And so if we have
accelerating inflation, we have growth
coming off and we have potentially you
know financial conditions tightening
that's not typically a background that's
conducive to risk asset outperformance
and often a space where tech stocks
actually you know lead declines.
>> I think 3.4% 4%
is the is is the estimate for US
inflation that I think comes out later
today. H how scared should I be of that
number?
>> I I mean I think you know if we compare
it to the prior month of 2.4%.
Obviously, you know, irrespective of
where the actual number ends up landing,
you know, that that's a big change. But
I think the the real danger for for risk
assets is, you know, where does the
trend move going forward, right? I mean,
>> commodity prices, fertilizer prices,
this will take time to to filter into to
those numbers. And meanwhile, of course,
you know, Brent is still 60% above where
we started the year. So, you know,
obviously, you know, prices could
continue to trend higher. we we saw you
know inflation in the US starting to
inflct higher before the conflict. So
you know again you know that is going to
provide uh you know a challenge for for
risk assets going forward.
>> David thank you. Uh and for those of you
know terminal subscribers and the like.
You you might recognize the voice but
you really haven't seen the face before.
He David is our our resident squawker.
>> You'll see more of him
>> and we're going to show him more on TV
now. Yeah. So now we're putting a face
to the voice
>> there. Davis, thanks so much for your
insight.
>> Got a great smile, too.
>> Yeah, you know, it's great. All right.
Uh let's talk a little bit more about
just the current environment here,
right? Geopolit volatility. Uh is that
really creating an entry point when it
comes to fixed income here in Asia and
what are we seeing in terms of what
pricing in the inflation impact? Let's
bring in Julio Caligari, Asia fixed
income CIO at JP Morgan Asset
Management. Um we've seen treasuries at
least retreat a little bit from the
meltup in yields since this war began.
Do you think right now how concerned are
you on on really inflation?
>> Yes, for the near term we should
continue to see pressure particularly
while oil oil at $100 uh dollars or
higher. So I think that's the key doubt
and and that's why we are seeing you
know the fixed income repricing higher
yields across the board. In the case of
US, uh the market is still biased for a
cut. You know, it's not an entire cut
priced in for this year, but that's how
the market is biased. Um but I think the
key thing to highlight is that in Asia
is the opposite.
>> We have most of the central banks in
Asia pricing hikes. That's what the
market is telling us. uh you know like
three hikes in in South Korea or four
hikes in India you know two hikes in
Australia so most of the central banks
now we have the market expecting hikes
so I think that's the sort of asymmetry
that is more benign the way we see it in
Asia fixed income in the local space
because we are sort of priced for the
stress meaning even if oil stays
relatively high the market is already
there
>> which is we think that in most of the
risk assets the interpretation is more
benign. I think that say the equities or
the credit market is sort of looking
through uh and that's why spreads are
very tight and equities in general at
elevated levels.
>> Can I ask you then about career rates
since you brought it up? Um and I think
we're going to hear from the governor in
about 12 minutes from now. Do you think
it's time to fade that those three? You
think that's that's too big a number in
terms of moves this year to the upside?
Well, we we are going to have a new
governor for the next meeting. Uh and we
are not ruling out the possibility of
hikes.
>> Uh but our view is that like three hikes
for the last let's say the last 12
months, it's a lot. It requires that oil
prices stays elevated and we see this
pass through in the rest of the
inflation because for example Korea is
trying to smooth the impact of this
putting caps on on how high you know oil
prices can be in the near term. So it
means that if there is a good resolution
>> um between Iran you know US, Israel etc.
and in 1 month or two oil prices are
down again. So it means that the pass
through will be very limited and would
make no sense to pric in three
>> hikes u you know from the perspective of
bank of Korea. So that's the sort of
asymmetry. It means that if you believe
that this is just a transitory pressure
so the the way we see is that this is a
good opportunity.
>> Okay. And where else are you positioned
within Asia fixed income now? So we like
many of these central banks that we
think that either will not hike or will
not hike as many times as it's priced
in. So let's say we we like uh Aussie
rates um New Zealand, Korea um or
Thailand. So many of these places we
think that it's unlikely that the
central banks will deliver as many hikes
as it's priced in. So that's one of the
things that we like in the Asia space.
Um can I ask you about just China which
obviously have there's a different set
of physics at work when you look at the
Chinese bond market which perhaps also
explains why that's been very resilient
that entire group of what how should I
be thinking about exposure to China
right now and is that an alternative to
treasuries at this point in time how do
you look at that and inflation's back
too
>> right
>> yeah it's back from a very
right yeah so uh I think the way we see
in the case uh China rates is a good
source of diversification indeed. China
sort of you know has its own dynamic
>> which uh it's good when you know a lot
of the uh assets are moving you know
always in the same direction and
actually what we continue to see in the
case of CGBs is that China is sort of
range trading and we expect this to be
there for a while because we we we think
that is very unlikely that we would have
the same sort of inflationary pressure
uh even though you know the PPI today
printed a higher number but we still
think that there's a lot of uh weakness
in the domestic demand
>> so it's very unlikely that this will
pass through to a very you know strong
CPI trajectory uh and this will
definitely curb any sort of tightening
from the perspective of
>> the China credits when you look at IG
dollar credit I mean I think it's
outperformed every single fixed income
asset class since this war began again
almost like a safe haven in China. Yeah.
Spreads are are still lower than what
they were
>> back in like late February,
>> right?
>> Why do you think that is?
>> Well, first of all, we we know that
there is a strong home bias, right? From
the perspective of China investors,
China Chinese banks, etc. Also, um the
other part of the story is that
exporters accumulated a lot of dollars,
right, from from the perspective of
China. This is by the way one of the
sources of the remn holding up so well
right because exporters accumulated a
lot of dollars
>> and and this can be reinvested in the
China denominated uh dollar denominated
debt as well. So we think that this
captive demand is holding up really
well. On top of the fact that there is
no, you know, big concerns about China.
Anyway, the way we see it is um exports
are doing extremely well and and
supporting GDP.
The government author authorities in in
China, they are saving ammunition on the
fiscal side,
>> but if it's needed, they can deploy. So
growth will probably hold up well. So
there's no you know concerns in terms of
risk. So we have a combination of
elements supporting you know the credit
and the limited supply is the last one
we are not seeing particularly in the IG
space we are not seeing supply. So the
technicals are very very strong.
>> Um can I just ask our producers to pull
up that high yield graphic again on the
US? Yeah.
>> Um so we're back at record highs there.
The reason I just asked for that Julio
is you probably heard about these some
of the individual cracks in the private
credit space. Is that just a sentiment?
How does that affect your world
specifically? And it doesn't seem to be
the case when you look at public markets
at this stage. Right.
>> Exactly. If anything uh our view is that
this in the end will be a positive for
the public markets because the private
markets you know grew a lot uh to some
extent you know at the expense of the
public market but I think people are
looking back now and seeing oh you know
there's there are a lot of good things
about the public market that
transparency more liquidity etc. So we
think that yes it brings volatility in
the near term u but we think that in the
end this was going to be a positive for
the public market.
>> Julio very nice to see you have a good
weekend ahead. Julia Kalari there Asia
fixed income CIO at JP Morgan Asset
Management. Uh just ahead here in shows
our weekly look at Asia's ETF trends and
featuring the first TV interview with
Franklin Templeton co-president Daniel
Gamba since he joined the firm late last
year. that exclusive and much more
coming up here on the China Show.
All right, we're checking EVs here this
morning. Looks to be a bright spot here
with the exception of what NEO is doing,
but it really, this is on the back of
what we heard from some data from March,
right? EV exports jumping to a record as
we just spoke to Barclays about right
this whole kind of energy you know
dependence that you know independence
that China has uh is really kind of
leading everyone to electrify
everything. So maybe people are looking
more at, you know what, I'm just going
to buy an EV now given how the surge in
oil prices are going to be and fuel
prices, right? So that certainly is a
key theme that we've been watching out
for here of late and yeah, when it came
to EVs, hybrids more than doubled when
it came to March data after what we've
been seeing uh since this war began.
Let's bring in our China correspondent
Milo on just giving us a snapshot of how
these EV sales have done.
>> Yeah, we heard from the China economies
of Barclay. She was saying that exports
is still likely to be the biggest growth
driver for China this year and that
certainly is the case for the EV sector
and not just EV right you mentioned the
energy sector battery storage wind
turbines for example there's huge demand
external demand for these things from
China now and that has been really
helping to offset the slump that we're
seeing domestically because you look at
the March numbers EV exports was up
140%.
That's huge. But domestically, you look
at uh BYYD, you look at Tesla, Mercedes,
the luxury vehicle segment as well. All
of them are seeing doubledigit declines
in domestic sales as much as 40% for
BYD. So overall, that tells you that the
consumption sentiment in China is still
not picking up and of course the
government scaling back the consumption
subsidies, the trade- in subsidies that
is also having an impact on the domestic
numbers as well.
>> The Can I ask you about airlines?
obviously still in transport they're
feeling this very differently and um we
understand that
>> uh some is it rescue pack some support
is being considered for the why is that
and just give us a bit of history here
why are the Chinese airlines usually
>> yeah I mean airlines obviously all of
them are affected in this crisis right
because of the fuel prices but
particularly lowc cost airlines air Asia
for example you would imagine those with
very low margins will be
disproportionately affected but the
Chinese airlines are also also
disproportionately affected because they
don't have a habit of hedging against
oil prices and this is partly because of
China's domestic regulations. there are
strict caps on how much they can hedge.
Um and so and and then also of course
there is the domestic uh there is the
slump from the co 19 pandemic where
travel was grounded to a virtual hot
halt. Well yeah a literal halt at a time
and there were huge losses that they
suffered from those years and they
haven't fully recovered. If you pull up
the annual profits that we had seen for
these airlines since 2020 they have been
making losses. The losses narrowed in
the last few years, but of the big
three, there was only one, which is
China Stalin, that managed to eek out a
profit last year. And so that's why
sources are saying the government is now
considering measures, including
potentially tax breaks, subsidies, or
low interest loans for these companies
to help them tight through this period.
>> Minman, thank you. Minman Low, uh, a
correspondent there on those two things.
Okay. Uh we we'll we'll take you now
straight to uh the Bank of Korea's
briefing uh following their decision to
keep rates unchanged. And as you can see
on your screens is Ich Hong Yong of
course the governor and this is of
course his his last meeting uh before um
well his last monetary policy setting
meeting of course and briefing that he
will be uh overseeing right now. Um just
underscoring some of the other things
that they decided. So in case you missed
that they kept rates unchanged. number
one. Uh, and they've also had some
changes here to their growth and
inflation forecast. We'll have more on
this in a moment. This is Bloomberg.
The Bank of Korea governor. This is the
ongoing briefing taking place in Soul.
This is his final monetary policy
setting meeting there uh at the helm uh
before of course uh before the next one
of course uh just to mention that the
one is actually down against everything
currently. In fact, when you look at
dollar one specifically, you do see this
uh very clear leg higher on the currency
might be down to this statement where he
says this temporary shock does not
warrant a rate response. But I think the
operative word there is of course this
illusion to uh it being transitory. Now
whether or not this is more than
transitory, we simply just have to wait
and see you know uh among many things.
But in terms of what this has done so
far to their forecasts, it's a lower
forecast and growth that's higher on
core inflation.
>> It was still enough to to change the
forecast at least. But for now, it seems
like he is pushing back against hikes
here right now. Right. Too early to
discuss rate hikes amid the M East
volatility. No discussion on policy
direction due to what they've been
seeing in the Middle East. So uh
prolonged shock they say may require a
policy response but too early at this
point to judge the direction of where to
go. So yes uh downplaying a little bit
the the sort sort of hikes that have
been priced in which is what JP Morgan
ass Julio Caligari said right that you
know maybe they've priced in too many
hikes when it comes to career rates here
right now. Uh that's why you're seeing
the wan do that we're just around that
1481 level. Uh let's move on and get to
some corporate rates this morning.
Bloomberg sources are saying that
Samsung is planning to spend $4 billion
building a chip packaging plant in
northern Vietnam. The country's finance
ministry confirmed is working on anou
with Samsung on plans for a
semiconductor project. The Korean
company is already Vietnam's largest
foreign corporate investor. Tata
Consultancy Services quarterly earnings
topped analyst estimates after the IT
provider curbed costs to cope with
slowing demand amid geopolitical
tensions. Asia's biggest outsourcer says
net income advanced 12% to $1.5 billion
for the three months through March. The
company CEO says it has a good order
book heading into the new fiscal year.
Mercedes-Benz has reported a decline in
sales as a deepening slump in China
weighs on performance. Global deliveries
dropped 6% to just under 500,000
vehicles. Sales in China plunged 27% as
once dominant western brands lose ground
to new domestic challengers.
>> Okay. Um let's have a look at Chinese
markets about an hour into the cash
market session. Um and we are looking at
the benchmarks. Uh should be coming up
please if we can. Uh we should be up in
fact we're up by over 1% last we
checked. Um mainland markets are of
course have been outperforming and
within the mainland benchmarks of course
we're looking at the China index as you
can see quite clearly
>> um has now I think we're back to levels
last seen late 2021 so this has really
break broken out not just at a recent
range but also has
>> uh taken out recent peaks on the Chinese
index
>> I guess the small caps growth stocks are
doing uh quite well here I mean take a
look when it comes to Jupu that
certainly is has been the big uh you
know darling in this market right when
you take a look at uh what's been going
on. Obviously, there's been talk about
AI and the like here. They also just
this week uh raised the costs, a hike in
their prices again as you start to see,
you know, these AI players really start
to monetize and this wave uh starts to
quicken. So, uh they they the cost of
access to it most advanced AI model by
at least 8% hikes in terms of raising
those costs. So, uh, they really have
joined in a lot of these other AI
Chinese players in trying to profit off
years of R&D, right? So, things are
finally paying off, it seems,
>> in this specific case. Okay. Uh, we'll
just very quickly have a look at BHP
right now. And in case that you're
wondering why, we'll tell you on the
other side of this break. How's that for
a teaser for you?
All right, as Dave teased it just now,
uh we were looking at BHP shares.
>> Uh so the new CEO so reportedly has been
spotted in Beijing, Brandon Craig
meeting with CH China co-chairman uh
there. And so certainly that's going to
be a key question because that has been
>> it kind of moved the iron war market
yesterday here, right? where you saw I
think it fell it fell because the
tensions between BHP and of course uh
and it stateowned you know iron or buyer
have been sort of on the rise so the
fact that he's there meeting
>> with officials maybe that could be a
sign of maybe some sort of positive
maybe a sign of thawing
>> relations yeah so iron is a little bit
higher but yeah if you look at this over
two days you certainly see and this is
actually quite rare when you have uh an
a sighting of an executive in in in a
foreign market managing to drive. I mean
that just indicates I guess
>> the price of a commodity
>> commodity, right? I mean that just shows
you that the the the the how much of a
proxy really and large player BHP is and
how big of a market as well uh China
really is. So So according to Yeah.
According to uh Chalco actually uh the
incoming CEO did meet of course with
them. Yes. So it was wasn't just a
sighting there was really some official
business there.
>> It was in in a WeChat chat statement too
that came out yesterday. So yes, they
discussed cooperation, future
development in non-ferris metals, the
like. So uh there you go.
>> Um in terms of markets, we're looking
taking a look at Japan here. It looks
like momentum was fading a little bit
leading up to that lunch break. Uh but
you know, we're checking real quickly
here. uh topics is now in negative
territory, but the nicke is still
looking pretty strong at one and a
half%. A dollar yen, we did get some
moves from Katayana or at least some
some words from Katyama about uh how
they're going to take comprehensive
measures in all areas on FX, but they're
not going to comment on when or how the
next steps are going to be. So, uh
leaving you to kind of decide what what
that means. Uh but it did sort of come,
you know, the weakness in the yen came
off a little bit. So, we did see some
strength after those comments here, but
JGB yields continue to edge higher here.
242 for your tenure. Okay. Um, so one
and a half% on the Nick K. Uh, I think
we're also doing quite well as far as
cash markets go in greater China. I
think when you look at the benchmark
itself, we are set for the first weekly
gain on the MEI Asia Pacific
specifically uh since since the war
began. And as you can see, most sectors
are higher volumes. I haven't actually
seen uh any sort of key takeaway across
most markets. But I think suffice to say
there we are on relatively better
footing this Friday than any other
Friday since the war began as far as
Asia Asia goes. Now not to say that
could that can't change but headline
risk is still quite quite uh something
to consider of course.
>> Yeah. So certainly that's one thing to
watch. Uh quickly what's really making
headlines in Chinese media as well.
There has been extensive coverage of the
visit of Taiwan's opposition leader
Chung Lee W. Now the headlines projects
projects an image of harmony between her
party and the Chinese government as you
can see in the story by Shinua News.
This one by Global Times also says the
visit quote echoes the demands of
mainstream public opinion in Taiwan.
>> Yeah. And China Daily actually says
Chang's trip shows a quote shared wish
for crossstrait peace. And of course,
Changun is is on her way to meet Chinese
President uh Xi Jinping in Beijing. And
for more on to give us a preview of what
this meeting perhaps might look like is
rare visit, uh Ian Lee joins us from
Taipei to tell us more about the
significance uh of this meeting. Ian,
good morning. Uh tell us more.
>> Morning, David. Yeah. So, uh, uh,
China's president Xiinping is scheduled
to meet, uh, with, um, Kuming's leader,
uh, Jun Leewan in about 20 minutes from
now. So, um, the meeting is is, uh, very
notable uh, because it it will be the
very first time in nearly a decades that
a sitting guairperson,
you know, sit down with Chinese
presidents. And also uh the timing is
very notable because uh it comes as you
know the cross straight tension still
remains high. Um you know ever since
Linda took office Taiwan's president
Linda took office in 2024 uh Beijing has
been you know um like has been refusing
to directly engage with Taiwan's ruling
party and also has announced four at
least four large scale military
exercises around Taiwan. So um so Jundi
Wun has already like framed this trip
and this meeting as part of his strategy
called um um deterrence through dialogue
and also KMT has been saying that while
this trip aims to buy time and space for
Taiwan um you know trying to convey the
idea that there are still people in
Taiwan willing to engage with Beijing so
that Beijing doesn't have to resort to
military means and take over Taiwan for
now.
>> Interesting. uh first trip in in a
decade. Um can you tell us a bit more
about in what the Taiwanese government
the DPP administration how are they
reacting to this meeting?
>> Yeah. Yeah. So the government in Taiwan
is obviously cautious. uh President
Linder has reiterated that Taiwan is
open to dialogue and exchanges but not
at the expense of Taiwan's national
interest, freedom and democracy and also
officials from the Rolling Party um
democratic progressive party has said
that um any any political negotiations
would need uh official authorization
from the governments and and also uh
there are some analysts like um like
sharing concerns that you know Xiinping
may use this opportunity to to discuss
with Jen Lewan and try to um you know uh
create more domestic division in Taiwan
and also try to influence uh Taiwan's
defense policies.
>> Okay. So this this is taking place not
in a vacuum. There is a broader
geopolitical overlay that's important to
note here especially Ian as you know
this upcoming summit between Chinese
President Xi Jinping and US President
Donald Trump. if that goes ahead.
There's no indication that it won't uh
in a couple of weeks. Talk to us about
that.
>> Yeah, sure. So, yeah, so potentially
this will have also some you know
international geopolitical implication
because as you said um the upcoming um
you know the the summit between Xiinping
and and and Donald Trump is taking place
in in May. So um this meeting with Jun
Leew is likely to give you know uh
Xiinping more leverage uh ahead of of
ahead of his meeting with with Donald
Trump. Uh he can basically just said uh
point to the meeting as an evidence that
you know there are still people in
Taiwan favors closer tie with with with
Beijing so that the US doesn't really
need to sell that many weapons to
Taiwan. And also uh if we if we look at
the you know the parliament which is now
uh under control of of KMT
um the you know the opposition parties
have already like stowed uh a $40
billion uh special defense budgets
proposed by Taiwan's president uh which
will be uh used to fund a multi-layer
air defense system against any Chinese
invasion. And I I think it's also worth
mentioning that uh Journey yesterday
said in Shanghai that uh what should be
flying in the sky uh are birds, not
missiles. And I think that pretty much
sums up what Journey and his party
thinks about Taiwan's defense policy.
>> Yeah, thanks so much for that preview.
Yan Lee, there in Taipei, of course, the
KMT leader there landing uh in Beijing
shortly this morning. Uh let's stick to
Beijing. And China has long been one of
Iran's biggest diplomatic allies, but it
support since the start of the war has
been constrained by its vast and growing
investments in Thrron's Gulf neighbors.
Let's get more now with our Asia
economics and government reporter
Rebecca Chong Wilkins. Uh Rebecca, yeah,
I still remember, you know, last year or
the year before that, always news about
Chinese delegations heading to the Gulf
nations to talk deals and the like. Tell
us where we are now. Why is China in
such a tricky situation?
>> That's absolutely right, Ivonne. I mean
essentially we've seen about 270 billion
US dollars uh directed towards the
Middle East over the last couple of
decades but a big shift has happened uh
under President Xi Jinping during Barri
particularly post pandemic where there
has been a real emphasis on directing
that investment uh particularly uh
surrounding infrastructure construction
and so on towards the Middle East partly
because their investments under the
barrier elsewhere have gone into places
that have really uh struggled with
default faults and financial stress. So
the Middle East and particularly Gulf
nations were in some ways intended to be
this alternative safer option for some
of this BRRI funding. Um and now we find
ourselves particularly sort of from
Beijing's point of view somewhat caught
between their economic interests that
are deepening and expanding elsewhere in
the Gulf essentially among Iran's rivals
and enemies in the region versus on the
other hand uh Beijing's close ties with
Iran. Iran is is also a key uh sort of
uh figure when Beijing talks about for
example its multipolar world order and
from an ideological point of view we
sort of think about Beijing, Moscow,
Thran for example.
>> Rebecca the this perhaps has changed the
you know some of the economics and and
projections around some projects and
investments. uh could you talk a little
bit more about specifically where that
could be true and what the reaction is
probably like on the ground as it
pertains to that specific aspect?
>> Yeah. So really really interesting. We
kind of uh dug a little bit deeper into
this dynamic seeing what's happening on
the ground and essentially um we worked
with a data research lab coming out of
William and and Mary in the US to look
at these projects Chinese finance
infrastructure assets that are being
directly caught in the crossfires here
directly either targeted or uh at risk
of being targeted. uh we identify these
15 projects and these tend to be as we
know with Chinese investment tend to be
these sort of large scale uh essential
infrastructure projects things like uh
airports things like desalination uh or
largecale port uh investments for
example three of those have already been
targeted but we do also see this very
interesting contrast my my colleague
Nectar spoke with a construction worker
on the ground and there's also in fact a
lot of uh social media videos out O of
these Chinese construction workers were
on some of these projects filming for
example missiles overhead, filming
themselves sort of somewhat casually
sometimes sauntering into bomb shelters
showing uh uh um you know aid emergency
alerts going off on their phone. But by
and large, at least from the reporting
that that we did, construction workers
on the ground seem fairly unfased. And
it's in no small part because the wages
and salaries that they're able to to
glean in the Middle East are so much
higher. And it's then here where we
think about how this interacts with the
domestic environment going on uh back in
mainland China. Of course, we still have
that ongoing property crisis where
salaries and job opportunities have been
so heavily crimped. Uh and so we see
these examples of construction workers
saying that they earn more in one month
uh on the ground in the Middle East than
they do in a year back at home.
Rebecca, thank you. Rebecca Chin Wilkins
there in Singapore for us uh on on her
story which of course just uh came out
today. Right. Um just ahead coming up uh
our weekly look at Asia's ETF trends
featuring the first TV interview of
Franklin Templeton co-president Daniel
Gamba since he joined the firm late last
year. That exclusive is coming up next.
This is Bloomberg.
All right, we're checking markets here
this morning and this rally continues on
here in Asia with the exception of
Australia. The Cosby is still charging
about 2% higher. Hanging is also 7/10 of
1% to the upside. So, we are still set
it seems for the first weekly gain since
it Iran war began.
>> Yeah, we're getting increasing signs
that markets are starting to look at
other uh things right now. I think we
talked about this. Asia is set for the
first weekly gain. Taiwan is actually
very close to setting a new high. Now,
speaking of some of the other market
iterations of what's going on there,
this every twist in this Iran conflict
is really showing up. Uh, take a look at
the $65 million ETF. Most investors, I'm
betting you guys probably have never
heard of this one. Uh, 1300%
uh, rally in this ETF that actually
tracks shipping. Uh, this Breakwave
tanker shipping ETF.
Um,
and and as you can see, it's done very
very well year to date. It's up 780%,
there's a full uh there's actually a
full write up on what's going on here,
but yes, you can really check this out.
And I guess this is really also one
reminder that uh while it has created a
lot of the war has created a lot of
cracks, um there have been themes that
have emerged that investors have really
latched on to as far as
>> Yeah, it's interesting about this one,
right? It's not just the fact that, you
know, you're getting returns, but the
fact is that it's almost become a
minute-by-minute market sort of pulse
check
>> on where energy is going and whether the
straight of four moves or all these, you
know, checkpoints or choke points are
open for business. So, I guess you know,
in the ETF market, that's one way to
track things. Let's talk a little bit
more about the world of ETFs. And join
us joining us exclusively now is Daniel
Gama, a co-president and chief
commercial officer at Franklin
Templeton. He joins us out of Georgia
this evening. Uh Daniel, it's great to
have you. Uh yeah, shipping certainly
has has been a very hot sort of topic u
against all this volatility when it
comes to the Iran situation, but it
seems like now markets have kind of
moved on from the headlines when it
comes to Iran and really focus on other
themes. A what do you see in terms of
flows right now?
>> So thank you for the opportunity
glad to be here. Um ETFs continue to be
a place where investors express um
market views.
I think flows have been phenomenal for
the Franklin ETFs product set. Uh we've
grown about 66% over the past 12 months
and almost 150% over the past two years.
So just express
where investors are trying to express
views and we've seen a lot of success on
our country product set. So country ETFs
have seen a lot of um flows
including our Korea ETA for instance has
seen record flows. I think is the
fastest growing country
in um in in in our usage product set,
but we've also seen a lot of success in
Taiwan and most recently in Japan. But I
think investors want to express their
views through country ETFs and I will
say also active ETFs is the other area
where people try to express views
because what's happening is with the
Iran war that you are talking about um
it just increases volatility and and and
give investors an opportunity to express
views through active exposures as well.
So, so Daniel, you talked about several
key markets in the Asia-Pacific for you.
You know, you're very familiar with, of
course, the industry. In your former
life, of course, I'm not going to name
your former firm. Uh, we all know, of
course, what that is. How how would you
describe the competitive landscape in
the in the Asia Pacific? And I guess how
does that also inform you about where
what your specific and unique strategy
will be here in the Asia Pacific?
So I'll say the industry in Asia-Pacific
is still in in early maturity. So I will
say still um it still have a lot to
develop. I think I think country
exposures is been an area of of growth.
I think um the industry is also starting
to express views through sectors and
style of investing. So I think we we
expect that the industry will continue
to to to develop. I think every country
has also their own dynamics.
We see the industry starting still on
big institutions investing on different
um countries. For instance, as I
mentioned, um institutions
in in in
Korea, in Taiwan are clearly investing
um in in in ETFs. But we're also seeing
um some direct to consumer distributors
starting to have ETF
exposure and and adoption as well. I was
just in Tokyo two weeks ago talking to
some partners and clearly they are
seeing interest
on on ETFs especially given the NISA
regime in in in in in Japan. I think we
see a lot of opportunity for growth in
that market. The last comment I will
make is the um Hong Kong exchange
through the connect exchange. It's seen
also a lot of growth through ETF
connect. So ETF connect will be another
area where we're also looking at
interest from online um from Chinese
investors who are trying to invest
through the um connect exchange in Hong
Kong.
Okay, that's how you play the China
story in Hong Kong. What about in terms
of just onshore and the opportunities in
mainland China?
>> So, mainland China is being a fast fast
growing part of the of the Asia-Pacific
market is is grown really really fast
and we expect that to to continue. I
think initially it's been through
indices. So indices has been the way in
which the China market is is is starting
to develop and we see that to continue
and we see a lot of interest also over
time it will develop into an active
market as well. We will we we see that
growth continuing um in in online in in
in mainland China as well.
Daniel, this is your your first TV
interview since you started the new job
several months ago and I'm sure you've
set many specific targets and objectives
for your team uh for this year. Talk to
us about among those what you think are
the most important for you to achieve
especially also with your commercial hat
on as well.
So I'll say overall we've built a great
presence in in multiple markets. So
Franklin Templeton have extraordinary
presence. We have more than 3,000
employees in in Asia Pacific to give you
an an example and we have like a lot of
investment capabilities there. So it's
really trying to go use those all those
scope capabilities across all frankly in
Templeton and and we have three areas
where we're putting a lot of emphasis.
Number one continue to increase our
presence in private markets. So private
markets has been an area of growth
especially on the um perpetuals and and
also wealth and we see record flows on
that and and we'll continue to see that
growth. Number two as we're talking
about ETFs. So ETFs is a big area of
growth and we have both. We have index
ETFs especially in the countryside which
have been very successful and we also
have active ETFs. activities is a is a
very natural area for Franklin Templeton
to be part of the industry and being an
a a um being a leader in the industry
because we are an active manager and we
have a lot of um different portfolio
managers who will continue to to grow
and I think the active ETF is very
attractive in that market and number
three I think we're trying to grow also
institutionally so our presence we have
about $700 billion of institutional mal
assets and we believe that that's an
area that we can also continue to grow.
All all those three are the areas of
focus that I have.
>> Daniel, fantastic to talk to you. Thank
you for taking time out of your evening
and of course please let us know when
you're in the region next. Let's let's
hope we can do something here on set.
Daniel Gamba there co-president and
chief commercial officer at Franklin
Templeton. Uh you can tune in to ETF IQ
Asia. That's every Friday on the China
show for more analysis on the sector.
Lots more ahead. This is Bloomberg,
right? Uh Chinese battery stocks power,
right? Uh there we go. Um uh if you got
that Southeast Asian reference. Anyway,
8 to 20% to the upside. Uh well, a
couple of things here. Obviously, this p
this broader push towards renewables. uh
Barclay told us this is really one area
where you should and expect to see more
exports along this product category and
of course domestically of course on the
back of this push for um I guess uh less
uh intense uh competition that has been
of course driving down prices.
>> Yeah. So you did get that uh when it
comes to you know these statements from
regulators about fair competition there
also the internet platforms as well
talking about these price wars and
certainly we're watching that very
closely today. Uh brokerages were
watching as well. This is what they're
doing um as we countdown. Of course,
Citic leading the charge here after the
first quarter profit gain and you are
seeing massive moves there on some of
the brokerages here this morning. That's
it for us here on the China show. Have a
great weekend.